Then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil.
And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was afterward unhungered.
And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these
stones be made bread.
But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every
word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.
Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and setteth him on a pinnacle of the
temple, and saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down, for it is written,
He shall give his angels charge concerning thee, and in their hands they shall bear thee
up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.
Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.
Again the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and showeth him all the kingdoms
of the world, and the glory of them, and saith unto him, All these things I will give thee,
if thou wilt fall down and worship me.
Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan, for it is written, Thou shalt worship
the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.
Then the devil leaveth him, and behold, angels came, and ministered unto him.
Now when Jesus had heard that John was cast into prison, he departed into Galilee.
And leaving Nazareth, he came and dwelt in Capernaum, which is upon the sea-coast, in
the borders of Zebulun and Naphtalim, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by
the prophet, saying, The land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtalim, by the way of the sea,
beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles.
The people which sat in darkness saw a great light, and to them which sat in the region
unshadowed of death, light has sprung up.
From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent, for the kingdom of heaven
is at hand.
And Jesus walking by the sea of Galilee saw two brethren, Simon, called Peter, and Andrew,
his brother, casting a net into the sea, for they were fishers.
And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.
And they straightway left their nets and followed him.
And going on from thence he saw two other brethren, James the son of Zebedee and John
his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their father mending their nets, and he called them.
And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed him.
And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel
of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness, and all manner of disease among
the people.
And his fame went throughout all Syria, and they brought unto him all sick people that
were taken with diverse diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils,
and those which were lunatic, and those that had the palsy, and he healed them.
And there followed him great multitudes of people, from Galilee, and from Decapolis,
and from Jerusalem, and from Judea, and from beyond Jordan.